Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Um...
Hm...
What about chocolate?
Okay. you can get it.
This?
No. baby. that is enough.
Come on. Scooter.
-Hello.
Hello.
Okay.
You can help me out with this.
I'll just put...
like that.
How much is it?
Okay. here we go. 30.
Thank you.
-Mom. can you help me?
-Mm-hm.
I'll help you to hurry up a bit.
Like this.
Bye!
Mwah!
-Bye-bye. thank you.
-Bye-bye.
Can I now eat chocolates?
No. honey. later.
Okay.
Mama!
Mom! Mom!
Mom!
Mom. Please. please.
Mom.
Mom. Mom!
Mom! Mom!
Mom. please!
The nation is gripped by fear
as a wave of shock
sweeps the country.
A mother was murdered
in broad daylight
in front of her child
by another suspected
undocumented migrant.
Parents are afraid to let
their children play outside.
and many women avoid venturing
out after dark altogether.
But in a twist that has captured
the imagination of the public.
hope doesn't rest in the hands
of government officials
or law enforcement.
Instead. it lies
with an enigmatic figure.
the vigilante citizen
who's delivering
a brand of justice
that some believe
the authorities
have failed to provide.
targeting both criminals
and those in power
accused of allowing crime
to flourish unchecked.
We took to the streets
to hear what people think
about the shadowy figure.
Here's what they had to say.
He's a real hero.
You know. we work.
we pay taxes. and for what?
To help all of Africa?
You see. they come here
and we pay for them.
and in return. we get robbed.
And. as a woman.
you cannot go out
after 9 p.m. anymore.
No. it's too risky.
I love that guy.
He goes out there.
he goes against
all those criminals.
They laugh about the police
but not about him.
Uh. I wanna marry him.
I mean. he's a real knight.
and he helps the helpless.
The individual continues
his vigilante form of justice.
claiming the police
and judicial systems
are failing to protect
the public.
Last week.
the leader of a prominent
Middle Eastern crime syndicate.
along with his associate.
were discovered dead
in a dumpster.
That guy out there? Wow.
Have you heard of this
vigilante crime-fighter guy
over in Europe?
He's. like. the real deal.
This man is taking out
the trash.
I think we need somebody over
here in the States like that.
What do you guys think?
Comment down below. let me know.
There's been a lot said
about me.
so I thought you should hear
directly from me.
Everything that I do.
I do for you.
I can't sit here
and watch you exist
in a state of sleep paralysis
anymore.
The truth is this:
You are all being used.
You are all
nothing but playthings.
Every soldier
who's gone off to war
thinking that their death
was for an idea.
or that their sacrifice
was important for society.
has been played.
Clinton. Biden. Trump.
You never see them
on the front lines
of any battle.
Why?
Because they'd never
risk their own lives.
They have you.
They have tricked you
into thinking
that you are dying
for your country.
but your country doesn't do
anything for you either.
You walk down the street.
and you get stabbed.
or robbed. killed.
and what does your country do?
Nothing.
And what do you do?
The universe demands balance.
Yin must match yang.
Okay.
Listen.
You two don't say anything
when we are in.
I do the talking shit
and you just look angry.
and that's it.
And if that motherfucker's
not paying up today.
you will burn
his fucking store down.
understand?
-Yeah.
-Yes. boss.
Go.
'Cause if you do nothing...
I have to do something.
I have to do something...
something... do something...
What happened to the lights?
Oh. shit!
Look. This guy is...
greatness. okay?
We need more guys like this
in Canada. okay?
We need 'em!
I love him.
Is that weird?
In an effort to address
these escalating incidents.
we obtained
an official statement
from Interpol
Regional Chief Henry.
who is leading the initiative
to apprehend this vigilante.
Am I reading this one?
Yeah. read it all.
Okay. 203.
1124 here.
Uh. we've calculated
we might need another vehicle.
I am here to support
local and federal
law enforcement.
The investigation
is leading to the possibility
of. uh.
international terror cell
that is against democracy.
And it is not impossible
that this terror group
is. uh. a movement supported
by Russian and/or Chinese
government institutions
that. uh.
are not only active online.
but already active
on the ground.
fighting our countries
in the EU and the USA.
There are indications
leading in this direction.
Hey. hey. hey!
Hey. guys. your tickets.
Fuck you!
Guys.
Guys. you did not pay
your tickets.
It's 1.50 per person.
Fuck off and drive.
Didn't I tell you to sit down
and drive the fucking bus?
One-fifty per person. please.
Gentlemen.
Everyone on this bus has
somewhere they have to be.
and for some of us. it's urgent.
so. please resolve your issues
and go drive the bus.
Which I understand.
It's just the thing
that I will not continue
driving the bus
without everyone having
tickets on it.
Fine.
One-fifty times three.
four-fifty. there you go.
Let me get you your change.
-Keep the change.
-Thank you very much.
-Enjoy.
-What a fuckin' loser.
Thank you.
Who we are and what we do
has ramifications in our lives.
and in the lives
of everyone around us. hm?
You don't understand?
All right. Pay attention.
let me explain this to you.
If you get onto a bus
and you don't pay your ticket.
if you go to the movie theater.
if you grab a banana
at a grocery store
and you don't pay.
eventually. the cost
of everything will go up.
If ten percent doesn't pay.
the cost will go up ten percent
to cover the loss.
and that's not fair.
You might not understand this.
but think about it.
I'm sure you'll come
to the right decision.
You're gonna look back
at this moment
and realize that it is
the luckiest you have ever been.
Believe me.
Thanks for the tickets. sir.
Please. only ten minutes.
She's very weak.
Hello. Elsa.
I can't even imagine
everything you've been through.
What do you want?
Who are you?
I'm just here to help.
What do you want to happen?
What do you mean?
The men who did this to you.
What do you want
to happen to them?
I want them
to go to jail
for the rest of their lives.
Hm.
And they might.
Of course. we won't know
till the end of the trial.
and that could take years.
And. of course.
you'll have to participate
in that trial.
telling the story
of what those men did to you
over and over.
in a room full of people
who are going
to call you a liar...
and try to poke holes
in every detail of your story.
And we'll also have to get lucky
with a judgment.
You never know how those things
are gonna turn out.
And then. during that
long and expensive trial.
we have to hope and pray
that the men who did this to you
don't do the same exact thing
to somebody else.
Is that the justice
that you want?
No!
Do you want justice?
Yes!
Goodbye. Elsa.
I love this guy.
We need someone like him
in Germany.
That guy is great.
We need guy like this in Italy.
Just to be very clear.
I don't live here.
I'm here... sure. uh.
taking care of family assets
that happen to be here.
but I don't have residency here.
If the DNA that
you're talking about at the bar
is my DNA.
One. I would...
I would love for you guys
to explain to my lawyer
how you managed
to obtain the DNA
of a foreign national.
Being an American citizen.
I'm just unclear
how you would've gotten
my DNA in the first place.
but I'm sure that's
something you can clear up
with my lawyers.
But also. as I've said.
this is a bar that I frequent.
and it is a unit that I own.
So. we are a very hands-on
landlord and management company.
and whenever a tenant moves out.
quite often.
we will go through the unit
to inspect for damage.
to make sure that. if we can.
we can give them as much
of their security deposit back
as possible.
Chief. Come in. Chief.
-Over.
-Yes?
Tracked a signal.
we got a lock on him.
We're moving out.
Okay. okay.
Give me the address.
Let's pay this fucker a visit.
What if everything
they ever taught you
was utter nonsense?
What if that's
what Nietzsche meant
when he said
it's cold and lonely
at the top
of the mountain of wisdom?
A place free from imposed morals
or false religions or politics.
A place free from
manmade tools of oppression
only meant to control you.
Look. If you want
the cold. hard truth.
I'll give it to you.
We can change history.
The state. the court. police.
See. you think
that they've failed you.
but they haven't.
because they were never meant
to give you justice.
No. They only exist
to control you.
See. but I'm here to help you
take that control back.
Okay. I'm here.
Stand up.
Fifty.
-One position.
-Mm.
Anything extra. 30 bucks.
Good.
On the bed.
Get on the bed.
What it is?
Go.
It's mold.
When you let clients shower
in the bathroom
after you're done.
you open the window?
-No.
-Why?
If you let them shower
and it gets hot.
the steam builds up.
Then you get mold in the room.
But why you care?
Because I own the building.
-You own the building?
-Mm.
Wow. Really?
What. you think your pimps
own the building?
I-I don't know.
So. I shouldn't
have took your money?
I mean. of course.
you did your job.
You started. anyway.
Now. we finish.
Tell the managers
about the mold.
Tell them
if they don't take care of it.
I'll be back.
Yes. I will.
So. I get 30 more bucks?
-You do.
-Okay.
Plus a little extra.
Mm. Thank you.
-So. what are we drinking?
-Tequila.
-Tequila!
-Yeah!
This is our last night.
And we are really...
We are nice people. okay?
-I'm not. I'm not buying it.
-No. you're not.
-We don't believe you at all.
-I'm not buying it.
-I don't believe you.
-And we have a nice hotel room.
-Oh. really?
-With the best breakfast.
I saw you on TV.
You're that guy from Interpol.
TV. yes.
Uh. tonight. I'm just a man
having a drink.
Can't work all the time.
Cin cin.
Nobody really wants you
to catch this vigilante.
you know?
Maybe you're right.
But. uh. we have the law
for a reason.
And. uh.
people that are innocent.
they can go home.
People that are guilty
must pay the price.
You know. we cannot have
vigilantes running around
doing their own thing. you know?
That's why I'm here.
We don't want society
to collapse.
Who cares?
Yes. who cares?
You can talk to him. but...
We're gonna go
to the restroom right now.
-You guys don't have a choice...
-Come on. drink with us.
I'm gonna leave you right now.
We all... Hey. you guys
don't have a choice anymore.
-Later.
-Sorry.
-Hey. one drink.
-No choice. okay guys?
You got it. right? Okay.
Nice... I love those two.
-The hotel room it is. okay?
-One drink with us?
Dude. man. I love that shit.
That's awesome. man.
-Dibs on the blonde.
-No. no. no. no. no. no.
Hey. she was...
Hey. dude. she was on my lap.
-You know what that means.
-I don't care.
No... H-hey. Okay.
I'm going to share. okay?
I'm going to share.
But the thing is. like.
she is awesome. dude.
Thank you.
I feel like everybody
in this building
is awesome. right?
Yeah. you too. You too.
Oh. yeah.
But the thing is. like...
No. no. wait a minute.
so you got the drops?
-I got the drops.
-So. put 'em in. you know?
All right. okay.
Just like... But not too much.
right?
Just pay... pay attention.
There we go.
Come on.
That's right. That's right.
Keep it simple.
Keep it simple. right?
You ready?
I'm so ready.
I was born ready. dude.
As soon as they're back.
you know.
you just go for the drinks
straight away.
We gotta leave?
No. we gotta leave
in a minute. yeah.
but we gonna go
for the drink first.
And then. we're gonna make sure
that we gonna get them
to the hotel room.
Hey. you guys
with the two pretty girls
that just went to the bathroom?
Yeah. what's up?
Someone's giving them
a hard time over there.
You might wanna go step in.
Yo. you serious?
He's fucking joking.
Would be a weird joke.
What... Okay.
But if you're fucking with us.
I'm gonna come back
and smash up
your fucking face. dude.
-Okay.
-Yeah. It's funny. right?
It's show time. baby.
Hey. dude.
we had this crazy dude
coming up talking some bullshit
or something.
Yeah. I'm not...
I'm not buying that.
It's a female bathroom.
what kind of guys?
-Well. I-I don't know.
-Couldn't be any guy...
-Female bathroom. like...
-Guys. guys. please.
You know what?
You know what we need?
This.
Raise this. immediately.
Okay.
To new friends
and bad decisions.
That's good.
Gonads up!
You're gonna have
some beautiful sausages. guys.
-Here we go. right?
-Cheers.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Wait. can we do it again?
Cheers!
Whoo!
Oh. shit.
-Whoo.
-Oh. shit.
Uh. yeah. I think
we need four more. huh?
Oh. I-I-I'd wait with that.
-Oh. wow.
-Maybe you could use it.
You know.
you're a really naughty boy.
Unfortunately.
it seems like a coincidence.
I do go to that bar quite often.
It's one of my favorite bars.
Could I have been at the bar
and moved a glass from a stool
where I wanted to sit?
Potentially.
It's definitely a possibility.
Hey!
-What is wrong with you?
-Dude. my head is spinning.
Are you... Do you want...
D-Do...
-Uh. are you okay?
-Come on. rich boy.
I think he's playing with us.
-Are you...
-I'm good. I'm good.
Give me a second.
give me a second.
Can you answer something?
Okay. What's wrong? Come on.
Do you need some water.
or do you want to. like...
I think it's time
for you girls to go.
-Why?
-What do you mean?
These two guys.
when you were in the bathroom.
they put something
in your drink.
-Are you serious?
-What are you talking about?
I switched them.
That's what's going on.
They drank 'em. Hence...
Sleepy-time.
So. no matter what you do.
you don't have to go home.
but I wouldn't stay with them.
Have a good night.
Ugh. fuck.
-Let's just go.
-Fucking bullshit.
We sure this is the right house?
It's what I was told.
We're ready.
Good.
Let's move.
Guns up!
Go. go. go. go.
It's possible that this
is not just a single individual.
However. what remains clear
is that our current system
is failing
to protect our citizens.
This raises critical questions.
If the risks associated
with migration
outweigh the benefits.
and if migrants are contributing
more to societal cost
than economic gains.
then it may be time
to reevaluate
our migration policies.
Three. two. one. Go.
Come out.
Surrender.
I understand that you're here
to do your job.
I have no interest
in killing all of you.
but if you try to stop me
from doing my job.
I will be forced
to kill you all.
This is your last warning
to leave.
Fire!
Team B. you're on. Let's go.
Let's move. move. move. move.
What's the matter?
Mr. Sanders.
We had no idea
you were dropping by today.
Well. it wouldn't be much
of a surprise inspection
if you did. would it?
Well. we do have the half-year
figures for you. so...
-Good.
-Please. follow me to my...
To your office.
Uh. hope you don't mind me
using your office
while you're gone.
Gonna need some privacy
for delicate calls with tenants
who are behind on their rent.
How many are behind on the rent?
Oh. we're always under 10%.
So. on average. 90% of the rent
comes in each month.
Are there fluctuations.
or is it the same 10%
each month?
If so. I want them evicted.
Well. the procedure is after
three months of unpaid rent.
we send a final notice
to pay within four weeks.
And if that payment
doesn't come through.
we get a court order.
And that will allow us
to evict them
within seven months total.
So. if somebody
doesn't want to pay.
they get to live for free
for seven months.
If you want to see it that way.
then you're right.
Is there another way
to look at it?
We have 3.500 units
in this city. Owen.
That brings us in
50.400.000 Euro annually.
10% of that is 5.040.000 Euros
that people
are stealing from me.
That's unacceptable.
Evict them immediately.
Well. the problem is the courts
won't order an eviction
anytime sooner than that.
May be true.
So. you'll start pressuring them
after four weeks of nonpayment.
If that doesn't work.
you give me their addresses
and my people will sort it out.
Okay. um...
we can try that.
No. We do that.
How's the Grand Allee project
coming along?
Um. technical acceptance
is scheduled
for the end of the week.
So. all tenants
can move back in on Monday.
What a shitshow that was.
We're never using
that contractor again.
No.
Also. Owen. the plumbing
in my villa's not finished yet.
-Have them get on that.
-Sure.
Also. went by
the Ljubljana project.
I took some pictures.
Look at this.
Oh. That's bad.
Uh. I mean.
the gauge will be an easy fix.
but the facade...
No.
No. we don't do a project
that big on that building.
Just make sure it's not
gonna collapse.
Certainly.
Huh. well. we sure miss
having your father around here.
Hm.
Never went hunting with my dad.
No?
-Hm. that's surprising.
-Is it?
My mother died when I was young
and he just shipped me off
to boarding school.
I saw him two times a year.
I don't know anything about him.
Didn't even know he had cancer.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Oh. he always was very proud
of your career in the military.
though.
Sort out that 10%. Owen.
Understood.
Uh. there is one more issue
to address.
Uh. recently.
the tax authorities
investigated deeper
into the ownership
of your holding companies.
and that raised a few questions.
I mean. since you're not
a registered citizen here.
nor did you enter
the country legally.
uh. we might run
in a few problems.
We own a lot
of social housing units.
and. uh. the government
wants to seize empty units
for housing migrants.
No.
We can rent them to them
at full cost.
What do we always say. Owen?
No empty units.
They want to know
who owns those companies.
And if we fail
to provide that information.
they will seize all the units
on the Kazin block.
without payment or revenue.
Well. I'm sure our lawyers
will have something to say
about that.
Certainly.
But there is only so much
they can do.
I urge you to reconsider
and provide the information
they requested.
Leave.
After all. they will probably
roll out the red carpet for you
and even grant you citizenship
without asking any question.
Oh. I'm an American. Owen.
I'm just here
on an extended vacation.
-Sort the 10%.
-Yes. sir.
Oh. uh. and here are
the half-year figures for you.
I've seen 'em.
It smells like a nursing home
in here.
Let's get some fresh blood.
So early?
It's been a long day. Jenny.
Huh. Okay.
Uh. here.
Okay. I go back.
I have a delivery.
Ah. I'll watch the bar.
Yes. Okay.
Well. my father
and I were estranged.
I guess you could say.
Um. I didn't really have
much of a relationship
with him growing up.
Uh. my mother passed
when I was young.
And I think the emotional weight
of my mother's passing.
as well as the weight
of trying to grow his company
meant that he had
other priorities.
which is something
I've come to terms with.
And now that
I'm running things around here.
I can really understand.
So. it's not like
I hold it against him anymore.
I was still in active duty
in the United States Army.
And we got a call in the office
that I was working in
letting me know
that my father had passed.
I found myself on my way here
for the first time...
couple days later
for his funeral.
Oh. What a fucking mess.
He's playing with us.
There's nobody
in that box anymore.
Check the perimeter.
Check their pulse.
Fuck!
This shit has to stop.
It's gonna stop.
Good afternoon.
Yes? What do you want?
Who are you?
Another one of those reporters?
Do I look like
a reporter to you?
No. I just have one question.
Were you satisfied
with the result
that was reached in court?
And was your daughter?
Why do you ask this?
How can you ask this?
How do you know where we live?
So. you found no justice
in court. right?
I don't have to answer
your questions. man.
This is bullshit. Go away.
No.
There was no justice.
Have a good afternoon.
Hello. Elsa.
I'm with Interpol.
And we are very sorry
with what happened to you.
Please believe me.
We will use all of our resources
to find whoever did this to you.
and put them in jail
for a long time.
But you told me
that you have them.
that you know where they are.
Elsa.
I have not been here before.
This is the first time
we're talking.
Y-You were in a coma
for three weeks.
You maybe. you mistaken me
with somebody else.
Yes. Maybe it was your colleague
that...
He was very friendly.
He asked me if I want justice.
My colleague?
Was he wearing a uniform?
Did he give you a name?
What did he look like?
He was small.
Caucasian?
No. More Middle-Eastern looking.
Uh. black hair.
Beard.
Elsa. would it be okay if I get
our sketch-artist to come
so you can give a description?
Then it would be a great help.
You rest. okay?
Mm.
I will come back.
Rest a while.
I-I don't understand you.
Please. just.
can I please just have...
No. no!
No. no. okay. I just...
No. please. no. don't do that.
Please. just...
-You want?
-Please.
Your telephone. huh?
Call your mommy.
I just need my... I just need
my phone. that's... that's all.
That's all.
-Ugh.
-Get your phone.
Call your parents.
Just tell them
you want to press charges
on each one of these
pieces of shit.
I'll give you their names.
Hello. boys.
You remember me?
If I ever see you put your hands
on anyone else ever again.
I will visit you.
and you will not be walking away
from it.
You understand?
And you.
You remember when I told you
on the bus
that it was your lucky day?
Maybe now you understand why.
If the police don't protect you.
I have to protect you.
And if the courts and laws
don't give you justice...
I will give you justice.
And remember.
I do this for you...
until you learn
to do it for yourself.
Yes.
Understood.
We searched the neighborhood.
Full lockdown.
two miles perimeter.
Nothing.
This place was rented
under Molly Ling.
a Chinese woman
who was paid cash
to sign the lease.
She said the mechanic
gave her the money
but stated
he had no work permit.
Tell me.
Upstairs all clear.
Look around.
Nothing personal.
This was all a facade...
to set up a fortress.
Open it.
Let's go. move.
Let's go. go. go!
Judge Reinhold.
Who are you?
Here from
the Chief Inspector's Office.
We have new information
that's come to light.
Hope you're not feeling
too nauseous. Judge.
That shot I gave you...
it's gonna be very suspicious
when that turns up
in your blood. isn't it?
Let's hope they don't run
a toxicology report
on your body.
Eh. who knows?
Maybe you have a bit
of a tolerance for heroin.
Seem to like heroin dealers.
anyway.
How many of them have you
let back onto the street?
The laws are meant to protect
the victims. right?
It's not the perpetrators.
Maybe that's when you lost
your north star.
when you started using the laws
to help people hurt people.
You know. it's not just
the perpetrators.
You cause collateral damage.
Judge.
It's people like you
letting people get away
with rape and murder.
Excusing their behavior.
Letting people get away
with rape and murder.
Six boys raped
a 14-year-old girl.
I saw your interview
in front of the courthouse.
Saw you say that these boys
just had an adjustment issue.
that they didn't know
how to fit in to society.
But what you don't understand
is the society
that you think
they don't fit into
is falling apart and dying.
And you are the cancer
that is killing it.
And you know. Judge.
it's people like you
letting these people
get away with it...
excusing their behavior.
Hm? How do you think
that makes the families feel?
Human beings are such sheep.
Even when you push them
to the limit.
they will obey the law.
even if their own lives
are in danger.
Here. I'll show you.
See what happened?
That car.
when we went into their lane.
instead of just
crossing the line
and breaking the law
and going into our lane.
they went into a ditch
and most likely died.
You smell that. Your Honor?
That's that good
clean country air.
I'd like to show you something.
Look.
That's you.
Get away. get away.
Let's see what you had to say.
Right. this is all
I have prepared.
and this is all that
I'm going to say to you.
Our politics fail
to integrate teenage migrants
into our society.
Also didn't give them
the help to function
by our rules and our laws.
The gang rape was. in a way.
a cry for help and structure.
Not only the young girl
is the victim.
They are also victims.
You really believe that?
Also the perpetrators
are getting traumatized.
It doesn't help the young girl
if they're getting
locked up now.
and getting their normal life
for a long time denied.
That's all. gentlemen.
That was you
after letting
a gang of rapists free.
You let a gang of rapists go.
You know what that makes you?
Just as bad as the perpetrators.
Might as well
have raped her yourself.
Maybe that's why you decided...
to come out here
and drown your sorrows.
Hello. Ibrahim.
Blessings to you
and your family.
I was wondering
if we could have a quick chat
about your son.
Are you a journalist?
No. I'm just a citizen.
Here to help.
If you want something.
you can go to our lawyer.
We don't have nothing to say.
Sorry.
Maybe we have
just a little chat.
Back.
Oh. good. Yusuf's here.
Relax. Go.
Hello. Yusuf.
Yusuf. run.
Where are they gonna go?
No. No. stop.
What are you doing?
-Yusuf. honey!
-Oh. Yusuf!
Go tend to your son.
Tie something around his leg.
I didn't hit an artery.
he should be fine.
You. You.
Get the cell phones
off the table.
All of them.
Pick them up.
Move Yusuf to the couch.
Over to the couch.
Cell phones down on the table.
-What do you want from us?
-Face down on the table.
I want you to have a seat.
And we're gonna have
a little chat.
What are you doing?
Have a seat.
Sit.
Three. two. one.
Smart man.
You are strong.
Don't worry.
So. I guess you're wondering
why I'm here. hm?
You are here because of my son.
'cause of the court.
Mm. Mm.
The court that freed him.
And it is the court
from your country.
Of course.
Because your son and his friends
had to rape
that 14-year-old girl.
They're so traumatized
from their childhood
that they couldn't keep
their dicks in their pants.
He's young.
He don't know nothing.
Hm.
Is that why you did it. Yusuf?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry we did that.
We thought she wanted it.
You thought that
she wanted you to grab her
and pull her into a bush
in a quiet part of the park.
That she wanted you
to put your hand over her mouth
while your seven friends
took turns raping her.
She had to crawl
out of those bushes
on her hands and knees.
and now she lives
every single day afraid
of what you
and your friends might do
since you were acquitted.
That was very good work
by your attorney.
by the way.
painting them as the victim.
What was it.
"traumatic integration"?
We're all getting mental help
now and support.
We will be better in the future.
I promise that.
That's the right answer.
The only problem is
that on your social media.
since the event.
I have not seen any regret...
Or empathy.
In fact. I think you said
that she deserved to be raped.
What I mean
is that they dress wrong
and just make boys horny
with their miniskirts.
Hm.
They show their legs
and breasts.
You wrote that she deserved it.
I will delete it.
Are these the values
you're teaching your children?
I teach him the values
from Quran
and the values from our family.
Hm.
Well. if these are your values.
that women in America and Europe
deserve to be raped
because of a dress code.
why did you come here?
You know that we have
several war in our country
and we have a dangerous life.
That's why we are here.
And I think you know that.
Do you know what I think?
What?
I don't think
it was the good ones
that got out of your country.
I think it was the bad ones.
And I think you brought with you
your archaic value system
and your commitment
to religion over democracy
and over anything else.
including the rule of law.
Yusuf. you're gonna
pick up your phone.
you're gonna start calling
your friends one by one
and telling them
to come over here right now.
that you have new information
for them.
No.
Yes. you will.
And what are you going to do
with them?
Oh. we're just gonna have
a little chat.
same as we're having right now.
I will not call them.
No?
Interesting.
Five. four. three. two...
Yusuf. call right now.
Call!
Thank you.
Hey. Abdul. It's me.
You need to come over here
right now.
We could get charged again.
We have a problem.
I'm here with my attorney.
And bring your brother
and call Idris.
No. right now.
Good job. Yusuf.
Now call the next one.
No. Sit.
Sit.
You.
Go get the door.
No funny business
or I shoot mom.
-Go.
-Okay. okay.
What's wrong?
Come.
What the fuck happened?
What's wrong?
Hello.
Come in.
Come on.
Go. go.
Go.
Go in.
It's okay. it's okay.
-What the hell?
-Everything's okay?
Here is somebody from
the State Attorney's Office.
Hello.
Hello. Chief Henry.
I'm very happy you survived
because I have a message for you
to take to the government.
What is this message?
It's the same message I told you
when you tried
to storm my bunker.
That the people
will not accept a takeover.
What you are attempting here...
you cannot be allowed
to continue this mayhem.
You see. as much as I love
Europe and its deep history.
you simply cannot continue.
My officers and I.
we swore to an unbreakable
pledge to protect and serve.
and you now have crossed
the line too many times.
You're hurting innocent people.
including myself.
This is unacceptable.
I have no choice
but to bring you in.
and I will.
These people you speak of.
they never voted
for what's happening.
This is an unfriendly takeover
by the Islamist extremists
and blindsided woke left.
And if this takeover
is successful.
it'll destroy the democracy
you say you love.
All the freedom.
everything you enjoy
and stand for.
There's only one option.
You end this
or we the people
will end it ourselves.
Now take this message.
I remind you.
my oath. my job.
is part of the stability
of this democracy you speak of.
And you overestimate
my capabilities
of delivering this message.
I don't think so. Chief.
After all. you're the only one
with the message.
Now take it to them.
They will listen.
Three judges have recently died
under circumstances
initially ruled a suicide.
though their timing
appears highly suspicious.
Today. yet another judge
was discovered dead in their car
on the outskirts of the city.
Authorities
are now investigating
what they consider
to be a series of murders
rather than coincidences.
Ivo?
Write down this number.
Then. call my superior.
I need to speak
to the prime minister.
If she won't talk to me...
you find every member
of the press.
you bring them to me.
Yes. sir.
All individuals implicated
in the recent gang rape case
who avoided prison sentences
are now dead...
including the entire family
of Yusuf al-Sharaa.
who resided there.
It appears the vigilante citizen
has struck again.
This raises pressing questions.
What possesses
the greater threat to society:
the criminals committing
these heinous acts
or the vigilante
who is eliminating them?
According to Europe's
criminal statistics.
over 105.000 violent crimes
were attributed to migrants
last year.
including 980 murders
and over 18.000 reported cases
of sexual assault
involving immigrants
from Africa.
What does this mean
for our legal system?
Is this vigilante
only stepping in
because our system
has failed to ensure safety
and justice for the public?
Stay safe out there.
and thank you
for watching World News.
I'm here to help you
take that control back.
I'm here to show you
that you are no longer
the victims.
I'm here to show you
that it's time to go out
and show these fuckers
that they aren't getting
away with it anymore.
I do this for you...
until you learn to do it
for yourself.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-